I'm a professional advocate.
Sing red ginger down
But no one knows my name is Bai
I'm fat and ugly
I didn't dare to go on stage.
But that's okay.
As long as everyone likes my singing
I'm satisfied
He is Lu Chengyu
The youngest and richest man in Haicheng
It is the princess behind Jiang Yurou
Also my husband
He didn't marry me because he liked me
It's just because of the engagement between the Lu family and the Qiao family
The person he likes
It's ginger down.
Rong sings so beautifully
As expected of our big star singer
Down Lulu just listened very carefully
Every one of your shows he never leaves
down
The show was a success. Congratulations!
Mr. Lu loves down so much
Is it a good thing?
I believe you.
Mr. Lu hasn't divorced that ugly guy from the Qiao family yet
Have you heard that the Qiao family has gone bankrupt?
Mr. Lu doesn't have to worry about the three-year marriage contract anymore
I will divorce and marry Yu Rong soon
Look at that not only ugly
And a fat woman
I heard that you can lift a man with round arms
Mr. Lu, marrying her is really a sacrifice
What's up?
Let me show you if I really lift you up